♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Morning! Early tide coming in
later today.
Safe travels, everyone!
- [chuckles]
- Hmm, let's see.
Just saw one of these
yesterday.
- Oh, oh, there it is!
- Blue Tang!
Wow!
That is four in a row.
You are a good fish finder,
Splash.
That's right.
[laughs]
Give me any species
of fish to find,
and I'll find it.
All right, then.
Here's a tough one.
Parrotfish.
- Parrotfish?
- Go.
- [laughs]
- [chuckles]
What're you doing?
Shh.
I'm listening.
You're never gonna find
a parrotfish
with your eyes closed!
Oh, really?
[chuckles]
I'm listening
for the loud chomping sound
a parrotfish makes
when they clean the coral.
- [chomping]
- And guess what.
I found it.
Hi, Chompy.
- Hey there, Splash.
- Wow.
- See?
- That is some good listening.
- Thank you.
- Oh, I remember this game.
- You kids playing fish finder?
- [both] Hiya, Gush.
We sure are.
How'd you know?
Uh, well, in my day,
I was one of the reef's
greatest fish finders.
In fact,
of all the times I ever played,
there was only one creature
I couldn't find.
- Wow, what was it?
- Oh, it was a horned whale.
I don't think I've ever heard
of a horned whale before.
- Well, what did it look like?
- Horned whales are white,
just like the arctic ice
they live near,
and have a big horn
on their heads
that can break up large blocks
of ice into tiny pieces.
And you can find them
by listening
for their beautiful whistling.
I searched all over
the icy waters of the Arctic,
- but I never found one.
- Poor Gush.
I mean, I--
I wish I could've found it,
but, uh... what can you do,
right?
Yeah.
Right.
Well, uh, it was great
talking to you, Gush.
- Uh, Bubbles, you wanna...
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
- [both chuckle awkwardly]
[sighs]
The one that got away.
[both chuckle]
[whispers]
Bubbles, don't we know a whale
with a horn on its head
who breaks ice?
Well, it kinda sounds
like Whistler,
but he doesn't have
a horn on his head.
- He has a tusk.
- Well, yeah, but--
but it looks like a horn,
and maybe whoever
told Gush about it
got it confused.
Ooh, and narwhals definitely
have a beautiful whistle.
[gasps]
I think you may be right.
The creature that Gush is
calling a horned whale
is really a narwhal,
just like our friend Whistler!
But we need to tell Gush
what he's looking for.
Oh, no, no, no, no,
Bubbles, Bubbles,
we can't tell him.
For Gush to be able
to complete his list,
he has to find Whistler
for himself.
So let's take Gush
to the Arctic
to help him find Whistler.
That's a great idea!
It's gonna be so good!
Okay, okay, let's go!
[chuckles]
So, uh, you kids going on
another one of your adventures?
We were wondering if, uh,
you wanna join us today.
What? Me?
Go on an adventure?
- [chuckles]
- Yeah.
You'd be the perfect fish
for this adventure.
We're going to look
for the horned whale.
Thanks, but, uh,
I spent so long looking for it,
I don't know if I can do
another disappointing search.
Oh, you won't be disappointed.
[chuckles]
Because we know someone
who knows all about
the horned whale.
- Really?
- Yeah, we do.
Don't you wanna find
the one that got away?
Well, I guess today is the day
I finally find
the white horned whale!
That's the spirit!
The Arctic is pretty far away.
So we'll have to hop
on a current to get there.
- All right, let's do it.
- Okay, come on, you guys.
- Yeah!
- [laughs]
[upbeat music]
[laughs] Yeah.
[all] Let's go!
♪ We're ready to take
the ride of our lives ♪
[chorus]
♪ We're gonna catch a current ♪
♪ The whole ocean's waiting
right before our eyes ♪
[chorus]
♪ What an adventure ♪
♪ We'll see what
we've never seen before ♪
♪ This is our chance
to really explore ♪
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh,
we'll catch a current ♪
♪ The ultimate water ride ♪
♪ There's so many currents
and so much to discover ♪
♪ We're starting on one,
and we can jump to another ♪
[all] ♪ They go up and down,
circle round ♪
♪ We'll be racing ♪
♪ It's all so amazing ♪
♪ Come on, we'll go anywhere
and everywhere ♪
♪ The real fun
is traveling there ♪
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh
we'll catch a current ♪
♪ On the ultimate
water ride ♪
[all] ♪ Whoa-oh-oh
we'll catch a current ♪
♪ We'll take the ride
of our lives ♪
So something tells me
our friend who knows
about the horned whale
is around here somewhere.
Oh, boy,
my fins are shaking.
I can't tell if I'm excited
to be back looking
for the horned whale or,
uh, this water's freezing.
You're right about that.
We warm-water fish
can't spend too much time
- in this, uh...
- [distant whistling]
[all gasp]
Freezing water.
Huh.
[chuckles]
Is that the sound of a--
The whistle
of the horned whale.
The sound
is coming from...
- [distant whistle]
- This way!
If we can hear the whistle,
the horned whale must be close!
- Let's go, go, go!
- [both laugh]
We're right behind you!
[chuckles]
[whistling]
[gasps]
I can't believe it.
It is real!
Ah, it sure is, Gush,
and you found it.
Uh, yeah, I guess I did.
Finally.
I don't wanna
ruin your moment,
but, uh, it's getting away.
Huh?!
Oh, let's go!
I can't get this close
and not meet my horned whale!
- Yeah!
- [both laugh]
Where did it go?
Well, uh, let's split up
so Gush can see
the horned whale.
- Yeah, good idea.
- Yeah.
Uh... hmm.
Uh, come on, Whistler.
Hey, kids, I found it.
There it is.
It's heading straight for us.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
It's heading straight for us!
- Wow.
- [both chuckle]
I can't believe my eyes.
[Whistler grunts]
Whoa.
[chuckles]
[whistles]
Ah, sorry, kids.
I didn't see you there.
Oh, hey there, new friend.
Name's Whistler.
I knew he was
around here somewhere.
Sure am, friend.
What?
Say, is he okay?
He's just been looking for you
a really long time.
I've been searching
for a horned whale for years.
Horned whale?
[chuckles]
Well, it seems that
I may have some bad news.
See, there's no such thing
as a horned whale.
I'm a narwhal.
A narwhal?
But, uh, what about your horn?
Actually, Gush,
that's a tusk
on top of his head,
not a horn,
and he can do something
really cool with it.
- Right, Whistler?
- Hey, wait a minute.
- How did you know--
- Why, that's right.
You tell him, Splash.
See, Narwhals need to breathe
air from time to time,
so I use my tusk to find
the best spot to break the ice
and get to the air,
watch this.
[whistles]
Ah, here's a good spot.
[grunts]
- Whoa.
- Wow.
Aw, shucks, guys, it's nothing
you haven't seen before.
Hmm, so, uh,
you know Whistler?
And you knew
he was gonna be here all along.
- [chuckles weakly]
- Well, uh, Gush, uh,
you kind of remember that,
uh, friend of ours
who knows all about
the horned whale?
- Well, uh, it's him.
- [whistles]
You're still the one
who found him.
We just led you
to where he lived, that's all.
Boy, you kids
sure have a lot of...
heart to do something
like that for me.
Thank you so much.
So was I everything
you were hoping for, Gush?
[laughs] All that and more.
Uh, it's just that, um...
- What?
- Well, someone told me
that a horned wh--
I mean, uh, narwhals...
are white just like
the ice of the Arctic.
So all this time, I've been
looking for the wrong thing.
Well, whoever told you that
was telling you the truth.
Huh?
But, uh, Whistler,
you're, uh-- well,
you're kind of gray. [chuckles]
You got me there, Splash,
but narwhals change color
throughout their lives.
- Wh-- really?
- Oh, yeah.
Little baby narwhals are born
a light blue-gray color
and get darker as they grow.
Adults are kind of gray like me,
and then,
really old narwhals turn
almost completely white.
So...
whoever told you that...
Must have seen an old narwhal.
[laughs]
Amazing!
Thank you all
for making this horned wh--
Oh! [chuckles]
Now you got me saying it.
But anyhoo, thanks for making
this little old narwhal
feel, um, so special.
But, Whistler,
you are special.
I mean, where else but
in the ocean would you find
a creature as unique and amazing
as a narwhal?
[upbeat music]
[all]
♪ Only in the ocean ♪
♪ There's so much to see ♪
[all]
♪ Only in the ocean ♪
[both] ♪ Can you believe
all the wonders we saw? ♪
[both]
♪ The colors and life brought
such amazement and awe ♪
[all] ♪ Every day
there's more surprise ♪
♪ In this world that we find ♪
♪ Only in the ocean ♪
♪ So much to see! ♪
[all]
♪ Only in the ocean ♪
Kids,
I have to thank you again.
I could spend all day here
and I still don't think
I'd believe I finally
got to meet my narwhal.
What a day.
Yeah, um...
[shivers]
It's been great
hanging out with you, Whistler,
but, uh, I got
a little chill here.
It's okay, B-B-B-B-Bubbles.
Uh, like you said earlier,
we warm-water f-f-f-f-fish
can't stay in this
f-f-f-f-freezing water too long.
Yeah, this trip has been
really f-f-f-f-fun,
but I think it's time
we head back
to the warm waters of Reeftown.
Aw, do we have to?
- [chuckles, shivers]
- Okay, maybe we do.
It's been a pleasure
meeting you, Whistler.
Swell meeting you too, Gush.
You're all welcome to come
back here and see me soon.
Oh, I certainly will,
now that I know where
to, uh, find you, that is.
[chuckles]
Yeah, well, uh, bye, Whistler.
- Yeah, bye, Whistler!
- Bye.
So long!
Oh, gotta breathe.
[whistles]
[growls]
Where is that Splash?
[grunts] He's gonna get us.
[whimpers]
[giggles]
Oh, I love playing shark tag.
You never know
when the shark is gonna come.
- [giggles]
- [chuckles]
Chomp, chomp, chomp,
chomp, chomp, chomp,
chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp,
chomp, chomp.
You're right, Ripple.
You never know.
[all scream and laugh]
- Shark tag!
- [all scream]
- [laughs]
- Oh, no, swim away!
- Swim away! Swim away!
- Chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp,
chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp.
I love shark tag. Ha!
- Is that him?
- Huh?
- [chuckles]
- Oh, Bubbles?
- [gasps]
- Shark tag!
- Chomp.
- [all laugh]
- I love this game.
- [crying]
Aw, it's okay, Bubbles.
You don't have to cry.
It's only shark tag.
I'm sure you'll win next time.
But that crying
isn't coming from me, Ripple.
Me either.
Sounds like it's coming
from up there.
Huh. Well, don't worry, guys.
I'll go check it out.
Uh, I'm sure we can help
whoever's doing all this, uh--
uh...
crying.
- Uh, uh, excuse me, sir?
- [sobbing]
I, uh-- I, uh, couldn't help
noticing that you were,
uh, crying, uh,
which is fine.
I mean, uh, we can all use
a good cry now and then.
- [chuckles nervously]
- I wasn't crying.
I was, uh...laughing!
Yeah, uh, that's it.
Laughing.
[laughs, whimpers]
Uh, I-I simply heard
a funny joke.
Is that okay with you,
little fish?
Me?
Uh, well, uh, yeah.
I mean, we all love
a good joke, right?
You don't have to answer that.
Yeah, so, uh, you know what?
I'm just gonna probably go--
uh, bye.
Salmon says
flap your fins.
- Flap, flap, flap, flap.
- Hi, Splash
- Oh.
- Hey, so who was crying?
Are they okay?
[stammers] Sh-- shark.
Yes, we know you won shark tag.
You don't need to rub it in.
Oh, no, I'm not,
it's just,
the creature that was crying
was a great white shark.
- Oh.
- Oh, well, then, we should--
Leave immediately.
Let's go!
Wait a minute.
Great white sharks
are really big and tough.
Agreed.
Now I believe we were going?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
but they're so big and tough,
and this one is crying.
That may mean
he needs our help.
- Huh?
- You know what, guys?
Ripple's right,
and as Reeftown Rangers,
it's our duty to go
and talk to that shark
- and see what's wrong.
- Yeah.
Maybe we can help him.
So, Splash, where is he?
Oh, he's, uh--
he's right up here. Follow me.
- Oh, okay.
- So we're leaving?
- [crying]
- [all gasp]
Uh, excuse me,
Mister, uh, White?
My friends and I wanted
to make sure
everything was okay with you.
Uh, just one quick question.
You, by any chance,
aren't crying
because you're,
uh, hungry, are you?
Oh, don't worry.
I couldn't even eat
if I wanted to right now.
You see, the reason I've been,
uh, crying is that I have
a very bad toothache.
It's very painful.
[gasps]
Oh, that's great.
- [laughs]
- Huh?
Y-- oh, uh, well--
oh, I--not the painful part,
sir.
Uh, what's great is,
uh, we know someone
who can help fix your teeth.
[gasps]
Denny the cleaner shrimp.
I'm sure she can fix you
right up.
Oh, that shrimp
sounds pretty good.
[all] Uh...
Not eating good.
Like, helping good.
- Oh!
- [all laugh weakly]
Well, uh, we'll be right back,
then, sir.
Reeftown Rangers, come on.
We've got a new ocean creature
to help.
- [laughs]
- [all] Yeah!
- Whoo!
- [laughs]
[all] ♪ From the coves
to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case,
we need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
[upbeat vocal music]
♪ No reef is too big,
no job is too small ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean
for one and for all ♪
[all] ♪ We are
the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
♪ Let's go!
We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Wherever we're needed,
we'll be there, you know ♪
♪ It's time
to get right to it ♪
♪ We're up for adventure,
and we're ready to go ♪
♪ We love to help,
and we can't wait to do it ♪
Come on!
♪ We're leading the way
to excitement and fun ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean,
there's much to be done ♪
[all]
♪ From the coves to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case ♪
♪ We need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
Let's go!
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever-r-r ♪
- [Maury mumbling]
- Oh, no, she didn't.
- Then what did he say?
- [mumbling]
Ha!
You sound just like him.
It's like he's right here
in the cove!
Okay, you're all clear, Maury.
Oh, hey, kids.
- Are you here for a cleaning?
- Well, sort of,
but this isn't
your normal cleaning.
Oh, well,
don't worry about Denny.
She's seen it all.
So who needs a cleaning?
Oh, actually,
it's not one of us.
- It's a great white shark.
- [laughs awkwardly]
Uh, well, I have a thing
with a thing,
so, uh, bye.
A great white shark?
I can't believe it.
Uh, well, uh, I know
this is a little bit, uh,
trickier than
your usual cleaning, but--
I've been waiting
for this moment my whole life.
Yeah, but the shark
is really very nice a-- wait.
- Did you just say you'll do it?
- Of course.
Cleaning the mouth
of a great white shark
is the absolute
greatest achievement
a cleaner shrimp
can hope to have!
- Really? Who knew?
- Yeah.
Did you know what great whites
have hundreds of teeth?
- Hundreds?
- Oh, this is gonna be amazing.
Now, where is this shark?
Hmm, this may be
a little tougher than I thought.
I don't know, are you really
sure this tiny shrimp
can help a big tough,
mighty shark like--
- Ooh, owie, owie, owie!
- Oh.
Uh, you were saying?
Uh, I was just saying, uh,
I'm sure Denny will be
a great help.
Oh, I see the problem.
A pebble is stuck
between two of your teeth,
which is stopping one
of the teeth from falling out.
Um, well,
why is that a problem?
Aren't teeth falling out
a bad thing?
For some creatures, yes,
but a great white's teeth
fall out
and get replaced by new ones
all the time.
So this one getting stuck is
causing a tooth traffic jam.
Let me see
if I can just move this--
- Ow!
- Sorry, sorry.
Okay, kids, I'm gonna need
your help here.
Keep him calm and still
so I can loosen this tooth.
We're on it. Okay, uh, calm.
Uh, well-- oh!
Well, they say, uh,
laughter is the best medicine,
so, uh, hey,
do you like jokes?
- No.
- Okay, so, uh, no jokes, then.
- Okay, uh, now what do we do?
- There's a little trick
we cleaner shrimps
have tried in the past.
If you can,
get the shark to flip over
so his belly faces
the surface.
It'll calm him right down.
Oh, really?
And, uh, how do we do that?
No idea. [sighs]
He's way too heavy to move.
- Ah! Sir!
- Huh?
Would you flip over, please?
Uh, no.
Well, I'm out of ideas.
[breathes deeply
Hey, look at me.
Look at me.
Uh, okay, I know you're nervous,
but that's okay.
I get nervous all the time,
and my friend Ripple here...
- Uh...
- Come on, over here. Over here.
My friend Ripple is
really good at calming me down.
- Yes, okay, hi.
- You got this.
- Calm down how?
- Um, okay.
Well, okay, think.
Okay, just picture this.
You are a lone piece of kelp
slowly floating in the current.
Can you see it?
I, uh...
I can see it!
- Ah!
- [Denny] That's much better.
Whatever you're doing,
keep it up.
Nothing is wrong.
All is calm for the kelp blade.
Floating along
without a care in the world.
- See the kelp.
- [shark] Oh.
- Be the kelp.
- I am.
And now the current
flutters the kelp blade
so it slowly...
turns... around.
[sighs]
That's it, guys.
Perfect.
[gasps]
This is amazing.
He's not--
he's not moving at all.
And breathe...
[exhales deeply]
- Got it!
- Whoa.
I got the pebble free,
and the tooth came right out.
And turn....
Turn.... [groans] Wow!
- Hey, I-I feel better already.
- [sighs]
I can't believe it's all done!
See?
that wasn't so bad, right?
You know, it really wasn't.
I got all worked up
over nothing.
- Well, thanks!
- Ah, no need to thank me.
The work is its own reward.
And thank you, kids,
for convincing me
to go through with this.
Well, you may be little,
but you're as tough
as any shark I've ever met.
- Aw.
- Thanks.
Well, bye!
See you next time!
- Bye!
- Bye-bye, Mr. Shark!
- Nice meeting you!
- Bye!
I need to thank
you kids, too,
for helping me
finally achieve my dream.
What?
You wanna thank us?
But, Denny,
you did all the work.
That was incredible!
No one in Reeftown
is going to believe
that you fixed the tooth
of a great white.
Oh, I wouldn't be
so sure of that.
- [all gasp]
- Whoa!
- Look at it!
- Whoa.
Can you help me carry this?
It's a big one!
- Yeah!
- [laughter]
Wow, you have
a great white shark's tooth.
- Wow.
- It's huge.
- What a cool thing to have!
- It's so big.
- Oh, we have
to show this to Zee.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Oh, yeah!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪